>>> OH, GOOD HEAVENS, TODAY WE
>>> OH, GOOD HEAVENS, TODAY WE ARE LEARNING NEW DETAILS ABILITY
ARE LEARNING NEW DETAILS ABILITY AN EXTRAORDINARY ALLEGED MASSIVE
AN EXTRAORDINARY ALLEGED MASSIVE COLLEGE ADMISSION SCANDAL THAT
COLLEGE ADMISSION SCANDAL THAT APPEARS TO SHED LIGHT ON HOW FAR
APPEARS TO SHED LIGHT ON HOW FAR SOME SUPER WEALTHY PARENTS MIGHT
SOME SUPER WEALTHY PARENTS MIGHT GO TO GET AHEAD AND GET THEIR
GO TO GET AHEAD AND GET THEIR CHILDREN INTO ELITE SCHOOLS.
CHILDREN INTO ELITE SCHOOLS. THE CASE BROUGHT TO LIGHT BY A
THE CASE BROUGHT TO LIGHT BY A MASSIVE FBI INVESTIGATION
MASSIVE FBI INVESTIGATION INVOLVES A FRAUDULENT ADMISSIONS
INVOLVES A FRAUDULENT ADMISSIONS QUOTE CONSULTANT.
QUOTE CONSULTANT. ADMISSIONS TO ELITE COLLEGES,
ADMISSIONS TO ELITE COLLEGES, DIVISION I COACHES, HOLLYWOOD
DIVISION I COACHES, HOLLYWOOD CELEBRITIES AND PROMINENT
CELEBRITIES AND PROMINENT BUSINESS LEADERS.
BUSINESS LEADERS. 50 OF THEM HAVE BEEN CHARGED IN
50 OF THEM HAVE BEEN CHARGED IN THIS SCHEME.
THIS SCHEME. AT THE CENTER OF THIS SCANDAL, A
AT THE CENTER OF THIS SCANDAL, A MAN NAMED WILLIAM SINGER.
MAN NAMED WILLIAM SINGER. GET TO KNOW THIS GUY’S NAME, A
GET TO KNOW THIS GUY’S NAME, A FOUNDER OF A COLLEGE PREP
FOUNDER OF A COLLEGE PREP COMPANY KNOWN AS THE KEY.
COMPANY KNOWN AS THE KEY. FROM 2011 TO 2019, OFFICIALS SAY
FROM 2011 TO 2019, OFFICIALS SAY PARENTS PAID THIS GUY ANYWHERE
PARENTS PAID THIS GUY ANYWHERE FROM 200 GRAND TO MORE THAN $6
FROM 200 GRAND TO MORE THAN $6 MILLION BUCKS TO CHEAT.
MILLION BUCKS TO CHEAT. I WILL SAY THIS ONE MORE TIME,
I WILL SAY THIS ONE MORE TIME, NOT COACH THEIR KID, NOT HELP
NOT COACH THEIR KID, NOT HELP THEM TO BLATANTLY COMPLETE THE
THEM TO BLATANTLY COMPLETE THE SYSTEM.
SYSTEM. IN SOME CASES, SINGER ALLEGEDLY
IN SOME CASES, SINGER ALLEGEDLY CREATED FAKE ATHLETIC PROFILES.
CREATED FAKE ATHLETIC PROFILES. HE BRIBED COACHES TO ACCEPT
HE BRIBED COACHES TO ACCEPT STUDENTS AS RECRUITS, STUDENTS
STUDENTS AS RECRUITS, STUDENTS READY FOR THIS, WHO DIDN’T EVEN
READY FOR THIS, WHO DIDN’T EVEN PLAY A SPORT.
PLAY A SPORT. LIKE IN THE CASE OF THIS
LIKE IN THE CASE OF THIS STUDENT, THIS PERSON.
STUDENT, THIS PERSON. AUGUST, A NAPA WINE MAGNET WHO
AUGUST, A NAPA WINE MAGNET WHO WANTED TO GET HIS DAUGHTER INTO
WANTED TO GET HIS DAUGHTER INTO USC.
USC. HE IS ACCUSED OF HIRING SINGER,
HE IS ACCUSED OF HIRING SINGER, WHO THEN SENT THE WATER POLO
WHO THEN SENT THE WATER POLO COACH AT USC THIS PHOTO, THIS
COACH AT USC THIS PHOTO, THIS PHOTO IS OF ANOTHER STUDENT.
PHOTO IS OF ANOTHER STUDENT. SINGER TOLD THIS MAN IN A
SINGER TOLD THIS MAN IN A FOLLOW-UP CONVERSATION, YOU
FOLLOW-UP CONVERSATION, YOU CAN’T TELL IT’S NOT HER.
CAN’T TELL IT’S NOT HER. IT’S ATHLETIC ENOUGH.
IT’S ATHLETIC ENOUGH. IN OTHER CASES, SINGER IS
IN OTHER CASES, SINGER IS ACCUSED OF WORKING WITH S.A.T.
ACCUSED OF WORKING WITH S.A.T. ADMINISTRATORS TO ALLOW A THIRD
ADMINISTRATORS TO ALLOW A THIRD PARTY TO SECRETLY TAKE THE EXAM
PARTY TO SECRETLY TAKE THE EXAM IN REPLACE OF THE STUDENTS OR
IN REPLACE OF THE STUDENTS OR REPLACE THE STUDENT’S ADVANCES
REPLACE THE STUDENT’S ADVANCES WITH HIS OWN.
WITH HIS OWN. HERE’S WHAT’S MORE DISTURBING.
HERE’S WHAT’S MORE DISTURBING. SINGER USED HIS KEY WORLD
SINGER USED HIS KEY WORLD NON-PROFIT FOUNDATION WHOSE
NON-PROFIT FOUNDATION WHOSE WEBSITE SAYS IT’S MISSION IS TO
WEBSITE SAYS IT’S MISSION IS TO PROVIDE GUIDANCE, ENCOURAGEMENT
PROVIDE GUIDANCE, ENCOURAGEMENT AND DISADVANTAGEMENT AROUND THE
AND DISADVANTAGEMENT AROUND THE WORLD AS A FRONT SO PARENTS CAN
WORLD AS A FRONT SO PARENTS CAN PAY HIM MASSIVE SUMS THAT GET
PAY HIM MASSIVE SUMS THAT GET THIS IS TAX DEDUCTIBLE.
THIS IS TAX DEDUCTIBLE. THE U.S. ATTORNEY SAYS THAT THE
THE U.S. ATTORNEY SAYS THAT THE COLLEGES ARE NOT CO-CONSPIRATORS
COLLEGES ARE NOT CO-CONSPIRATORS AND THAT THE SCHOOLS,
AND THAT THE SCHOOLS, THEMSELVES, HAVE NOT BEEN
THEMSELVES, HAVE NOT BEEN CHARGED.
CHARGED. YESTERDAY, SINGER PLEADED GUILTY
YESTERDAY, SINGER PLEADED GUILTY TO COUNTS OF RACKETEERING, MONEY
TO COUNTS OF RACKETEERING, MONEY LAUNDERING, FRAUD AND
LAUNDERING, FRAUD AND OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. HE ALSO ADMITTED HE HELPED BRING
HE ALSO ADMITTED HE HELPED BRING DOWN HIS OWN SCHEME BY
DOWN HIS OWN SCHEME BY COOPERATING WITH THE FBI AND
COOPERATING WITH THE FBI AND WEARING A WIRE.
WEARING A WIRE. AS THE MASSACHUSETTS DISTRICT
AS THE MASSACHUSETTS DISTRICT ATTORNEY SAW IT YESTERDAY, THE
ATTORNEY SAW IT YESTERDAY, THE REAL VICTIMS ARE THE QUALIFIED,
REAL VICTIMS ARE THE QUALIFIED, HARD WORKING STUDENTS WHO PLAY
HARD WORKING STUDENTS WHO PLAY BY THE RULES.
BY THE RULES. >> AS EVERY PARENT KNOWS, THESE
>> AS EVERY PARENT KNOWS, THESE STUDENTS WORK HARDER AND HARDER
STUDENTS WORK HARDER AND HARDER EVERY YEAR IN A SYSTEM THAT
EVERY YEAR IN A SYSTEM THAT CONTINUES TO GROW MORE AND MORE
CONTINUES TO GROW MORE AND MORE COMPETITIVE EVERY YEAR THAT
COMPETITIVE EVERY YEAR THAT SYSTEM IS A ZERO SUM GAME.
SYSTEM IS A ZERO SUM GAME. FOR EVERY STUDENT ADMITTED
FOR EVERY STUDENT ADMITTED THROUGH FRAUD AN HONEST AND
THROUGH FRAUD AN HONEST AND GENUINELY TALENTED STUDENT WAS
GENUINELY TALENTED STUDENT WAS REJECTED.
REJECTED. THE PARENTS CHARGE TODAY DESPITE
THE PARENTS CHARGE TODAY DESPITE ALREADY BEING ABLE TO GIVE THEIR
ALREADY BEING ABLE TO GIVE THEIR CHILDREN EVERY LEGITIMATE
CHILDREN EVERY LEGITIMATE ADVANTAGE IN THE COLLEGE
ADVANTAGE IN THE COLLEGE ADMISSIONS GAME, INSTEAD SHOW
ADMISSIONS GAME, INSTEAD SHOW CHOSE TO CORRUPT AND ILLEGALLY
CHOSE TO CORRUPT AND ILLEGALLY MANIPULATE THE SYSTEM FOR THEIR
MANIPULATE THE SYSTEM FOR THEIR BENEFIT.
BENEFIT. >> WELL, JOINING ME NOW THE
>> WELL, JOINING ME NOW THE WEIGH IN, "TIME" MAGAZINE EDITOR
WEIGH IN, "TIME" MAGAZINE EDITOR AT LARGE MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST
AT LARGE MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST AND AUTHOR OF "WINNERS TAKE
AND AUTHOR OF "WINNERS TAKE ALL."
ALL." THE ROOT.COM POLITICAL EDITOR
THE ROOT.COM POLITICAL EDITOR AND MSNBC POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR
AND MSNBC POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR AND A PROFESSOR AT MORGAN STATE
AND A PROFESSOR AT MORGAN STATE UNIVERSITY AND RICK TYLER,
UNIVERSITY AND RICK TYLER, REPUBLICAN STRATEGY IKIST AND
REPUBLICAN STRATEGY IKIST AND MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST.
MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST. WHEN I SAW THIS I’M LIKE HOLY
WHEN I SAW THIS I’M LIKE HOLY COW, THIS IS A RAGEING BALL OF
COW, THIS IS A RAGEING BALL OF FIRE AT THE HEART OF EVERYTHING
FIRE AT THE HEART OF EVERYTHING YOU HAVE WORKED ON.
YOU HAVE WORKED ON. THESE PARENTS, WE KNOW IT’S THE
THESE PARENTS, WE KNOW IT’S THE SYSTEM.
SYSTEM. WE KNOW THAT COLLEGE IS NOW A
WE KNOW THAT COLLEGE IS NOW A BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. OKAY.
OKAY. ADMISSION OFFICERS HAVE METRICS
ADMISSION OFFICERS HAVE METRICS TO MEET.
TO MEET. WHAT USED TO BE A COLLEGE
WHAT USED TO BE A COLLEGE ADMISSIONS PROCESS IS NOW A
ADMISSIONS PROCESS IS NOW A SYSTEM.
SYSTEM. THEY NEED TO UP THE AMOUNT OF
THEY NEED TO UP THE AMOUNT OF APPLICATIONS, THEY NEED TO LOWER
APPLICATIONS, THEY NEED TO LOWER THE AMOUNT OF ACCEPTANCES, THEY
THE AMOUNT OF ACCEPTANCES, THEY NEED TO FOCUS ON THIS EAND GET
NEED TO FOCUS ON THIS EAND GET THEIR BOND RATING HIGHER.
THEIR BOND RATING HIGHER. WE KNOW INSTITUTIONALLY THEY
WE KNOW INSTITUTIONALLY THEY HAVE TO FOCUS ON POSSIBLE
HAVE TO FOCUS ON POSSIBLE FAMILIES THAT CAN BE DIG DONORS,
FAMILIES THAT CAN BE DIG DONORS, THEY CAN LEGALLY RIG THE SYSTEM.
THEY CAN LEGALLY RIG THE SYSTEM. I HAVE A COOL $2 MILLION BUCKS,
I HAVE A COOL $2 MILLION BUCKS, PUT A BUILDING WITH MY NAME ON
PUT A BUILDING WITH MY NAME ON IT.
IT. THEY CAN GET IN.
THEY CAN GET IN. >> THAT WASN’T ENOUGH.
>> THAT WASN’T ENOUGH. >> FIRST OF ALL I WANT WANT TO
>> FIRST OF ALL I WANT WANT TO THANK THESE PARENTS FOR
THANK THESE PARENTS FOR REENACTING LIKE A BOOK PIECE
REENACTING LIKE A BOOK PIECE BASED ON MY BOOK I HAVE BEEN
BASED ON MY BOOK I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO WARN PEOPLE ABOUT FOR
TRYING TO WARN PEOPLE ABOUT FOR A FEW YEARS.
A FEW YEARS. WHAT IS SO FASCINATING OF THIS
WHAT IS SO FASCINATING OF THIS STORY IS THE RIGGING OF AMERICA
STORY IS THE RIGGING OF AMERICA FOR DECADES FOR THE RICH AND
FOR DECADES FOR THE RICH AND POWER.
POWER. HAS NOW SUCCEEDED TO SUCH A
HAS NOW SUCCEEDED TO SUCH A GREAT EXTENT THAT I THINK
GREAT EXTENT THAT I THINK CERTAIN RICH PEOPLE ACTUALLY
CERTAIN RICH PEOPLE ACTUALLY FEEL LIKE THE RIGGING IS A
FEEL LIKE THE RIGGING IS A COMMODITY.
COMMODITY. BECAUSE ALL RICH PEOPLE BENEFIT
BECAUSE ALL RICH PEOPLE BENEFIT FROM IT.
FROM IT. IT DOESN’T MAKE THEM FEEL
IT DOESN’T MAKE THEM FEEL PARTICULARLY SPECIAL TO MERELY
PARTICULARLY SPECIAL TO MERELY HAVE THINGS RIGGED IN FAVOR OF
HAVE THINGS RIGGED IN FAVOR OF THEM THE WAY IT’S RIGGED FOR ALL
THEM THE WAY IT’S RIGGED FOR ALL RICH PEOPLE.
RICH PEOPLE. ALL WHITE PEOPLE HAVE AN
ALL WHITE PEOPLE HAVE AN ADVANTAGE RELATIVE TO OTHERS.
ADVANTAGE RELATIVE TO OTHERS. AFFLUENT PEOPLE WITH BETTER
AFFLUENT PEOPLE WITH BETTER PUBLIC SCHOOLS HAVE A CLEAR
PUBLIC SCHOOLS HAVE A CLEAR ADVANTAGE IN THAT GAME.
ADVANTAGE IN THAT GAME. THESE PEOPLE WANTED WHAT I CALL
THESE PEOPLE WANTED WHAT I CALL BOTTLE SERVICE RIGGINGS, OVER
BOTTLE SERVICE RIGGINGS, OVER AND ABOVE THE GENERALIZED
AND ABOVE THE GENERALIZED RIGGINGS THEY ALREADY BENEFIT
RIGGINGS THEY ALREADY BENEFIT FROM.
FROM. IT WAS SO STRIKEING THIS GUY
IT WAS SO STRIKEING THIS GUY SINGER REALLY KNEW HOW TO TALK
SINGER REALLY KNEW HOW TO TALK TO THEM.
TO THEM. AND HE SAYS IN SOME OF THESE
AND HE SAYS IN SOME OF THESE WONDERFUL TRANSCRIPT, IN THE
WONDERFUL TRANSCRIPT, IN THE INDICTMENT, YOU KNOW, MY PEOPLE,
INDICTMENT, YOU KNOW, MY PEOPLE, THEY DON’T WANT TO GET INTO THE
THEY DON’T WANT TO GET INTO THE FRONT DOOR, THEY ALSO DON’T WANT
FRONT DOOR, THEY ALSO DON’T WANT TO GET IN THE BACK DOOR, WHICH
TO GET IN THE BACK DOOR, WHICH IS GIVING SOME $10 MILLION CHECK
IS GIVING SOME $10 MILLION CHECK THAT YOU DON’T KNOW, THERE IS NO
THAT YOU DON’T KNOW, THERE IS NO GAIN TEAM.
GAIN TEAM. THEY WANT A GUARN TEE.
THEY WANT A GUARN TEE. MY PEOPLE WANT A GUARANTEE AND
MY PEOPLE WANT A GUARANTEE AND THE FACT AS YOU POINTED OUT THAT
THE FACT AS YOU POINTED OUT THAT THE MECHANISM FOR A LOT OF THIS
THE MECHANISM FOR A LOT OF THIS WAS CHARITY.
WAS CHARITY. IT WAS THE RUSE OF HELPING THE
IT WAS THE RUSE OF HELPING THE DISADVANTAGED.
DISADVANTAGED. IT’S SUCH AN EXTRAORDINARY
IT’S SUCH AN EXTRAORDINARY THING.
THING. AND IT’S IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT
AND IT’S IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT WHILE ALL THE ATTENTION
WHILE ALL THE ATTENTION YESTERDAY, A LOT OF THE MEDIA
YESTERDAY, A LOT OF THE MEDIA ATTENTION FOCUSED ON TWO FEMALE
ATTENTION FOCUSED ON TWO FEMALE ACTRESSES, BECAUSE WE ARE
ACTRESSES, BECAUSE WE ARE AMERICA AND THAT’S WHAT WE ARE
AMERICA AND THAT’S WHAT WE ARE CAPABLE OF FOCUSING ONLY, 33
CAPABLE OF FOCUSING ONLY, 33 PEOPLE GET ENSNARED.
PEOPLE GET ENSNARED. THE MOST IMPORTANT PERSON
THE MOST IMPORTANT PERSON CHARGED YESTERDAY WAS BILL
CHARGED YESTERDAY WAS BILL McFLASHEN.
McFLASHEN. >> TELL OUR AUDIENCE WHO HE IS.
>> TELL OUR AUDIENCE WHO HE IS. >> BILL MSH McFLASHEN.
>> BILL MSH McFLASHEN. A PART OF THE PRIVATE EQUITY
A PART OF THE PRIVATE EQUITY FIRM.
FIRM. >> THE MOST SUCCESSFUL FOUNDED
>> THE MOST SUCCESSFUL FOUNDED BY --
BY -- >> IF THAT IS GOOD THIS IS ONE
>> IF THAT IS GOOD THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST.
OF THE BEST. TPG IS NOT ONLY A MASSIVE
TPG IS NOT ONLY A MASSIVE PRIVATE EQUITY FUND.
PRIVATE EQUITY FUND. IN RECENT YEARS AS HAVE YOU
IN RECENT YEARS AS HAVE YOU COVERED SO MUCH, THERE IS A
COVERED SO MUCH, THERE IS A MOUNTING CHORUS OF CRITICISM OF
MOUNTING CHORUS OF CRITICISM OF CAPITALISM.
CAPITALISM. HOW CAPITALISM WORKS.
HOW CAPITALISM WORKS. IT COMES FROM BERNIE SANDERS,
IT COMES FROM BERNIE SANDERS, ELIZABETH WARREN.
ELIZABETH WARREN. ALL CORNERS.
ALL CORNERS. THAT’S BEEN OUTSIDE PRESSURE ON
THAT’S BEEN OUTSIDE PRESSURE ON CAPITALISM.
CAPITALISM. RIGHT?
RIGHT? BUT THERE HAS BEEN A MOVE WITHIN
BUT THERE HAS BEEN A MOVE WITHIN SOME OF THE CITADELS OF
SOME OF THE CITADELS OF CAPITALISM, YOU ALL ARE RIGHT
CAPITALISM, YOU ALL ARE RIGHT ABOUT A LITTLE OF THIS, SHARED
ABOUT A LITTLE OF THIS, SHARED VALUES, PEOPLE, CONSCIOUS
VALUES, PEOPLE, CONSCIOUS CAPITALISM FROM WHOLE FOODS, A
CAPITALISM FROM WHOLE FOODS, A BUNCH OF PEOPLE IN THE SYSTEM.
BUNCH OF PEOPLE IN THE SYSTEM. WE CAN FIX THIS WE GOT THIS.
WE CAN FIX THIS WE GOT THIS. DON’T TAX US.
DON’T TAX US. DON’T OCCUPY ANY OF THIS, WHO
DON’T OCCUPY ANY OF THIS, WHO WAS THE DEAN?
WAS THE DEAN? TPG STARTED A $2 BILLION FUND
TPG STARTED A $2 BILLION FUND CALLED THE RISE FUND.
CALLED THE RISE FUND. >> GOOD CAPITALISM.
>> GOOD CAPITALISM. >> RUN BY BILL McFLASHEN.
>> RUN BY BILL McFLASHEN. >> DO THE RIGHT THING AND MAKE
>> DO THE RIGHT THING AND MAKE MONEY.
MONEY. >> YOU CAPITALISM CAN BE USED.
>> YOU CAPITALISM CAN BE USED. WE WHO BUILT THIS, WE CAN DERIG
WE WHO BUILT THIS, WE CAN DERIG IT.
IT. YOU GOT TO THE GET BONO.
YOU GOT TO THE GET BONO. SO BILL McFLASHEN AND BONO
SO BILL McFLASHEN AND BONO SITTING IN DAVOS IN A PARK
SITTING IN DAVOS IN A PARK TALKING ABOUT HOW CAPITALISM CAN
TALKING ABOUT HOW CAPITALISM CAN LIFT PEOPLE UP.
LIFT PEOPLE UP. TO ME IT IS A SIGNAL MOMENT FOR
TO ME IT IS A SIGNAL MOMENT FOR THIS NEW CAPITALISM IMPACT
THIS NEW CAPITALISM IMPACT INVESTING WORLD THAT ONE OF THE
INVESTING WORLD THAT ONE OF THE DEANS OF THIS WORLD WHO SAID HE
DEANS OF THIS WORLD WHO SAID HE COULD BE A LEADER OF HELPING THE
COULD BE A LEADER OF HELPING THE DISADVANTAGED WAS, IN FACT, WHEN
DISADVANTAGED WAS, IN FACT, WHEN HE WENT HOME AT NIGHT WORKING
HE WENT HOME AT NIGHT WORKING THE PHONES, TO ENSURE THAT THE
THE PHONES, TO ENSURE THAT THE SAME KIDS FROM AFRICA OR FROM AP
SAME KIDS FROM AFRICA OR FROM AP PLACIOIA WHO WAS EMPOWERING WITH
PLACIOIA WHO WAS EMPOWERING WITH HIS FUND WOULD NEVER BE ABLE TO
HIS FUND WOULD NEVER BE ABLE TO COMPETE WITH A SEAT.
COMPETE WITH A SEAT. >> HE WASN’T HOME HELPING HIS
>> HE WASN’T HOME HELPING HIS SON STUDY OR GETTING HIS SON
SON STUDY OR GETTING HIS SON INTO S.A.T.s.
INTO S.A.T.s. >> AND THEY SHOULD SPEND MORE
>> AND THEY SHOULD SPEND MORE TIME WITH THEIR CHILDREN.
TIME WITH THEIR CHILDREN. >> JASON, YOU ARE A COLLEGE
>> JASON, YOU ARE A COLLEGE PROFESSOR.
PROFESSOR. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> TALK TO ME WHAT THIS MEANS,
>> TALK TO ME WHAT THIS MEANS, THESE ARE THESE PEOPLE’S
THESE ARE THESE PEOPLE’S CHILDREN.
CHILDREN. IT’S THE ULTIMATE VOTE OF NO
IT’S THE ULTIMATE VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE.
CONFIDENCE. THEY’VE LOST THEIR ABILITY AS A
THEY’VE LOST THEIR ABILITY AS A NORMAL 17-YEAR-OLD, WHAT DO I
NORMAL 17-YEAR-OLD, WHAT DO I CARE ABOUT?
CARE ABOUT? WHAT’S IMPORTANT TO ME?
WHAT’S IMPORTANT TO ME? WHAT ARE ONE OF THE THOUSANDS OF
WHAT ARE ONE OF THE THOUSANDS OF SCHOOLS COULD BE RIGHT FOR ME?
SCHOOLS COULD BE RIGHT FOR ME? NO, THESE PARENTS SAID, LET’S
NO, THESE PARENTS SAID, LET’S NOT WAIST OUR TIME WITH AN
NOT WAIST OUR TIME WITH AN S.A.T. TUTOR, I DON’T WANT A
S.A.T. TUTOR, I DON’T WANT A VACATION, LET’S LOCK YOU IN AT
VACATION, LET’S LOCK YOU IN AT YALE.
YALE. >> THIS IS WHERE HELICOPTER
>> THIS IS WHERE HELICOPTER PARENTS COME FROM, GREAT
PARENTS COME FROM, GREAT INFLATION COMES FROM, THIS IS
INFLATION COMES FROM, THIS IS ABOUT THE PARENTS.
ABOUT THE PARENTS. I WANT TO SAY I GOT MY KID INTO
I WANT TO SAY I GOT MY KID INTO GEORGETOWN, IT DOESN’T MATTER
GEORGETOWN, IT DOESN’T MATTER WHAT HE WANTS TO GO THERE, TO
WHAT HE WANTS TO GO THERE, TO RUTGERS OR NOT.
RUTGERS OR NOT. THE PARENTS WANT THIS, ON TOP OF
THE PARENTS WANT THIS, ON TOP OF THAT, THEY ARE WILLING TO PAY
THAT, THEY ARE WILLING TO PAY FOR THEIR MEDIOCRE CHILD TO GET
FOR THEIR MEDIOCRE CHILD TO GET INTO INSTITUTION I CAN BRAG
INTO INSTITUTION I CAN BRAG ABOUT.
ABOUT. >> THIS IS THE THING.
>> THIS IS THE THING. >> THAT CHILD IS NOT MEDIOCRE,
>> THAT CHILD IS NOT MEDIOCRE, THE PARENTS ARE QUALIFYING YOU
THE PARENTS ARE QUALIFYING YOU COUNT OR DON’T.
COUNT OR DON’T. I CAN’T ACCEPT MY CHILD IS
I CAN’T ACCEPT MY CHILD IS MEDIOCRE, SO I MUST CHEAT.
MEDIOCRE, SO I MUST CHEAT. >> STEPHANIE, THIS IS WHERE THE
>> STEPHANIE, THIS IS WHERE THE SECOND ISSUE COMES IN.
SECOND ISSUE COMES IN. I THINK IT’S A COMBINATION OF
I THINK IT’S A COMBINATION OF CLASS ACCESS AND, OF COURSE,
CLASS ACCESS AND, OF COURSE, RACE, THE PRESUMPTION THAT MERIT
RACE, THE PRESUMPTION THAT MERIT THAT WHITE STUDENTS GET THAT
THAT WHITE STUDENTS GET THAT STUDENTS OF COLOR DOES NOT.
STUDENTS OF COLOR DOES NOT. MY KIDS TALK ABOUT.
MY KIDS TALK ABOUT. MY OWN EXPERIENCE, I HAD PEOPLE
MY OWN EXPERIENCE, I HAD PEOPLE CALLING MY HIGH SCHOOL TO SEE IF
CALLING MY HIGH SCHOOL TO SEE IF MY TRANSCRIPT WAS CORRECT.
MY TRANSCRIPT WAS CORRECT. I HAD PEOPLE CALLING INTO MY
I HAD PEOPLE CALLING INTO MY HIGH SCHOOL TO SEE IF I COULD
HIGH SCHOOL TO SEE IF I COULD GET INTO CHAPEL HILL.
GET INTO CHAPEL HILL. PEOPLE WILL TELL YOU HOW THEIR
PEOPLE WILL TELL YOU HOW THEIR SCHOOLS WERE CALLED AT DIFFERENT
SCHOOLS WERE CALLED AT DIFFERENT LEVELS.
LEVELS. >> THAT DIDN’T HAPPEN TO ANY OF
>> THAT DIDN’T HAPPEN TO ANY OF THESE KIDS, THE ASSUMPTION WAS
THESE KIDS, THE ASSUMPTION WAS YOU ARE RIGHT, YOU ARICH, IT
YOU ARE RIGHT, YOU ARICH, IT MUST SOMEHOW BE OKAY.
MUST SOMEHOW BE OKAY. I DO NOT BELIEVE UNDER THE
I DO NOT BELIEVE UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES SOME OF THESE
CIRCUMSTANCES SOME OF THESE STUDENTS DIDN’T KNOW WHAT
STUDENTS DIDN’T KNOW WHAT THEY’RE PARENTS WERE DOING.
THEY’RE PARENTS WERE DOING. IF YOU GET INTO A SCHOOL TO PLAY
IF YOU GET INTO A SCHOOL TO PLAY A SPORT YOU DIDN’T PLAY, YOU GET
A SPORT YOU DIDN’T PLAY, YOU GET DIFFERENT E-MAILS, DIFFERENT
DIFFERENT E-MAILS, DIFFERENT REGISTRATION.
REGISTRATION. >> YOU START SCHOOL A MONTH
>> YOU START SCHOOL A MONTH EARLY.
EARLY. >> IT’S NOT THE FIRST TIME, THIS
>> IT’S NOT THE FIRST TIME, THIS HAPPENS IN PRIVATE SCHOOLS IN
HAPPENS IN PRIVATE SCHOOLS IN CHICAGO AND NEW YORK, THEIR
CHICAGO AND NEW YORK, THEIR PARENTS CAN GO $SHOPPING AND
PARENTS CAN GO $SHOPPING AND THEY SAY THAT A LEARNING
THEY SAY THAT A LEARNING DISABILITY.
DISABILITY. THIS IS ALL COMBINED.
THIS IS ALL COMBINED. I WILL SAY ABOUT THE
I WILL SAY ABOUT THE CONSEQUENCES, THERE IS
CONSEQUENCES, THERE IS IMPORTANT.
IMPORTANT. YOU GOT TEACHERS IN ATLANTA
YOU GOT TEACHERS IN ATLANTA GOING TO JAIL FOR FIXING TESTS,
GOING TO JAIL FOR FIXING TESTS, A BLACK WOMAN 70 TO JAMIE FOR
A BLACK WOMAN 70 TO JAMIE FOR TEN DAYS BECAUSE SHE USED HER
TEN DAYS BECAUSE SHE USED HER DAD’S ADDRESS SO HER KIDS CAN GO
DAD’S ADDRESS SO HER KIDS CAN GO TO A BETTER SCHOOL.
TO A BETTER SCHOOL. YOU HAVE A CAMILLA CAMPBELL,
YOU HAVE A CAMILLA CAMPBELL, THIS YEAR IN FLORIDA, HAS TO GET
THIS YEAR IN FLORIDA, HAS TO GET A LOUR TO SHOW SHE IMPROVED HER
A LOUR TO SHOW SHE IMPROVED HER OWN TEST ON THE S.A.T.s, EVERY
OWN TEST ON THE S.A.T.s, EVERY SINGLE PARENT WILL BE IN JAIL.
SINGLE PARENT WILL BE IN JAIL. THEY WON’T GO, THEY ARE WHITE
THEY WON’T GO, THEY ARE WHITE THAT I ARE RICH AND HAVE ACCESS.
THAT I ARE RICH AND HAVE ACCESS. >> I THINK TO YOUR POINT WHICH
>> I THINK TO YOUR POINT WHICH IS VERY IMPORTANT IS THE
IS VERY IMPORTANT IS THE UNIVERSITY IS GETTING A BIT OF A
UNIVERSITY IS GETTING A BIT OF A FREE PASS HERE, IF THIS IS TRUE,
FREE PASS HERE, IF THIS IS TRUE, IF WHAT’S IN THE INDICTMENT IS
IF WHAT’S IN THE INDICTMENT IS TRUE, HUNDREDS, THIS GUY SAID
TRUE, HUNDREDS, THIS GUY SAID 801 YEAR OF STUDENTS GOING TO
801 YEAR OF STUDENTS GOING TO UNIVERSITIES, THE TEST SCORES
UNIVERSITIES, THE TEST SCORES MAY BE HARDER TO DETECT.
MAY BE HARDER TO DETECT. BUT PEOPLE WHO WERE NOT REAL
BUT PEOPLE WHO WERE NOT REAL SOCCER PLAYERS WHO HAD A PHOTO
SOCCER PLAYERS WHO HAD A PHOTO SHOPPED FACE OF ANOTHER SOCCER
SHOPPED FACE OF ANOTHER SOCCER PLAYER.
PLAYER. THEY SHOW UP DESTINED FOR A
THEY SHOW UP DESTINED FOR A SOCCER TEAM.
SOCCER TEAM. ARE YOU NOT KEEPING TRACK OF
ARE YOU NOT KEEPING TRACK OF LAMPBLG NUMBERS OF RECRUITED
LAMPBLG NUMBERS OF RECRUITED ATHLETES WHO NEVER END UP
ATHLETES WHO NEVER END UP PLAYING THE SPORT?
PLAYING THE SPORT? SO STANFORD, ANYMORE,
SO STANFORD, ANYMORE, GEORGETOWN, PLACESLY NEVER BE
GEORGETOWN, PLACESLY NEVER BE INVITED AGAIN, I THINK I WOULD
INVITED AGAIN, I THINK I WOULD BE CURIOUS ABOUT HOW FAR THIS
BE CURIOUS ABOUT HOW FAR THIS COMPLICITY GOES AND WHO IS
COMPLICITY GOES AND WHO IS UNTOUCHABLE IN A CASE LIKE THAT.
UNTOUCHABLE IN A CASE LIKE THAT. >> THAT’S STUNNING.
>> THAT’S STUNNING. I TO POINT
I TO POINT I HAVE TO POINT OUT PAUL
I HAVE TO POINT OUT PAUL MANAFORT’S SENTENCING HAS JUST
MANAFORT’S SENTENCING HAS JUST BEGUN.
BEGUN. >>> IF THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED AND
>>> IF THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED AND HAS GONE WORSE YEAR AFTER YEAR,
HAS GONE WORSE YEAR AFTER YEAR, I SPOKE TO A NUMBER OF FORMER
I SPOKE TO A NUMBER OF FORMER ADMISSION INSTRUCTORS WHO SAID
ADMISSION INSTRUCTORS WHO SAID THIS ISN’T FLAWED.
THIS ISN’T FLAWED. IS THERE A SILVER LINING MAYBE
IS THERE A SILVER LINING MAYBE THIS ATROCIOUS CASE COULD CRACK
THIS ATROCIOUS CASE COULD CRACK THINGS AND MAKE US TAKE A LOOK?
THINGS AND MAKE US TAKE A LOOK? BECAUSE IF THIS CASE HADN’T COME
BECAUSE IF THIS CASE HADN’T COME INTO FOCUS, WE WOULDN’T BE
INTO FOCUS, WE WOULDN’T BE TALKING ABOUT IT.
TALKING ABOUT IT. WE WOULDN’T BE THINKING ABOUT
WE WOULDN’T BE THINKING ABOUT IT.
IT. >> NO, IT’S AN OPPORTUNITY TO
>> NO, IT’S AN OPPORTUNITY TO UNWIND SYSTEMATIC RIGGING
UNWIND SYSTEMATIC RIGGING BECAUSE I BELIEVE YOU’RE RIGHT,
BECAUSE I BELIEVE YOU’RE RIGHT, THE STUDENTS DO KNOW ABOUT THIS.
THE STUDENTS DO KNOW ABOUT THIS. THESE KIDS AREN’T DUMB.
THESE KIDS AREN’T DUMB. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> NOBODY GOES UP 400 POINTS ON
>> NOBODY GOES UP 400 POINTS ON THEIR S.A.T.s WITHOUT STUDYING
THEIR S.A.T.s WITHOUT STUDYING THEIR TUSHKIS OFF.
THEIR TUSHKIS OFF. >> THAT’S WHAT THIS YOUNG LADY
>> THAT’S WHAT THIS YOUNG LADY DID.
DID. >> THE COLLEGES KNOW IT, TOO.
>> THE COLLEGES KNOW IT, TOO. I’LL BE INTERESTED TO SEE THE
I’LL BE INTERESTED TO SEE THE ADMISSION PROCESS IS SUPPOSED TO
ADMISSION PROCESS IS SUPPOSED TO BE FAIR AND EQUITABLE TO
BE FAIR AND EQUITABLE TO EVERYONE.
EVERYONE. NOW LET’S SEE IF THE JUSTICE
NOW LET’S SEE IF THE JUSTICE SYSTEM IS FAIR AND EQUITABLE TO
SYSTEM IS FAIR AND EQUITABLE TO EVERYONE.
EVERYONE. THIS IS A GREAT TEST CASE.
THIS IS A GREAT TEST CASE. >> I KNOW THE ANSWER TO BOTH OF
>> I KNOW THE ANSWER TO BOTH OF THOSE.
THOSE. >> I HOPE ARE YOU WRONG.
>> I HOPE ARE YOU WRONG. >> ME TOO.
>> ME TOO. I THINK THIS CAN’T BE
I THINK THIS CAN’T BE OVERLOOKED.
OVERLOOKED. THIS IS NOT A VICTIMLESS CRIME.
THIS IS NOT A VICTIMLESS CRIME. OKAY.
OKAY. YOU ONLY HAVE 128 SPOTS AT
YOU ONLY HAVE 128 SPOTS AT CERTAIN SCHOOLS FOR ATHLETICS.
CERTAIN SCHOOLS FOR ATHLETICS. THERE IS A KID OUT THERE WHERE
THERE IS A KID OUT THERE WHERE GOLF WAS THE ONLY WAY SHE WAS
GOLF WAS THE ONLY WAY SHE WAS GOING TO SCHOOL.
GOING TO SCHOOL. TENNIS WAS THE ONLY WAY.
TENNIS WAS THE ONLY WAY. >> THAT FAMILY WAS STOLEN FROM
>> THAT FAMILY WAS STOLEN FROM HER.
HER. EXACTLY STOVMT.LEN FROM HER.
EXACTLY STOVMT.LEN FROM HER. WE SEEN THE VIDEO IN THE WAY
WE SEEN THE VIDEO IN THE WAY THEY CAN OPERATE IN PRIVILEGE
THEY CAN OPERATE IN PRIVILEGE WHEN I THINK ME AND MY KIDS SAY
WHEN I THINK ME AND MY KIDS SAY YOU GOT HERE BECAUSE OF
YOU GOT HERE BECAUSE OF IFIRMTIVE ACTION, BECAUSE ARE
IFIRMTIVE ACTION, BECAUSE ARE YOU BLACK.
YOU BLACK. THEY WALK AROUND WITH PRIVILEGE
THEY WALK AROUND WITH PRIVILEGE AND WILL CHALLENGE THE FIRST
AND WILL CHALLENGE THE FIRST PERSON THAT LOOK LIKE ME OR YOU
PERSON THAT LOOK LIKE ME OR YOU WHEN WE GET IN SCHOOL.
WHEN WE GET IN SCHOOL. >> I GOT A QUOTE SO STRIKING,
>> I GOT A QUOTE SO STRIKING, FROM SINGER ABOUT SOMETHING HE
FROM SINGER ABOUT SOMETHING HE HEARD FROM THE KIDS.
HEARD FROM THE KIDS. THE KIDS GO IN, THEY HAVE BEEN
THE KIDS GO IN, THEY HAVE BEEN TRENDING AT 1,100 ON PRACTICE
TRENDING AT 1,100 ON PRACTICE TESTS, YOU WALK IN, YOU GOT A
TESTS, YOU WALK IN, YOU GOT A 1,500.
1,500. WOW, SO NICE.
WOW, SO NICE. HOW DO THEY PROCESS IT?
HOW DO THEY PROCESS IT? >> AT THE END OF THE DAY.
>> AT THE END OF THE DAY. >> THIS QUOTE IS SO TELLING.
>> THIS QUOTE IS SO TELLING. HE SUMMARIZES WHAT THESE KIDS
HE SUMMARIZES WHAT THESE KIDS SAY.
SAY. MAYBE I SHOULD DO THAT AGAIN?
MAYBE I SHOULD DO THAT AGAIN? I DID PRETTY WELL.
I DID PRETTY WELL. IF I TOOK IT AGAIN, I’LL DO
IF I TOOK IT AGAIN, I’LL DO BETTER EVEN?
BETTER EVEN? OKAY.
OKAY. THE REASON THIS QUOTE IS SO
THE REASON THIS QUOTE IS SO SIGNIFICANT IS IT SHOWS HOW
SIGNIFICANT IS IT SHOWS HOW RIGGING LEADS TO FEELINGS OF
RIGGING LEADS TO FEELINGS OF SUPREME MERIT IN PEOPLE.
SUPREME MERIT IN PEOPLE. THE MORE YOU RIG THINGS AND THEN
THE MORE YOU RIG THINGS AND THEN GIVE PEOPLE A BOOST THEY DIDN’T
GIVE PEOPLE A BOOST THEY DIDN’T DESERVE, THE MORE THEY ACTUALLY
DESERVE, THE MORE THEY ACTUALLY EXPERIENCE IT PSYCHOLOGICALLY AS
EXPERIENCE IT PSYCHOLOGICALLY AS DESERVEDNESS.
DESERVEDNESS. THEN YOU END UP WITH A COUNTRY
THEN YOU END UP WITH A COUNTRY WHERE THAT PERSON 30 YEARS FROM
WHERE THAT PERSON 30 YEARS FROM NOW IS GOING TO BE RUNNING SOME
NOW IS GOING TO BE RUNNING SOME HEDGE FUND, RIGHT?
HEDGE FUND, RIGHT? AND MAYBE RAPING AND PILL
AND MAYBE RAPING AND PILL LAGEING IN THE ECONOMY, RUNNING
LAGEING IN THE ECONOMY, RUNNING SOME NURSING HOME, LEVERAGING IT
SOME NURSING HOME, LEVERAGING IT WITH DEBT.
WITH DEBT. PEOPLE WILL DIE A BIT, OVERDOSE
PEOPLE WILL DIE A BIT, OVERDOSE ON DEBT.
ON DEBT. >> IT’S A NICE CONVERSATION
>> IT’S A NICE CONVERSATION WITHOUT TALKING ABOUT DONALD
WITHOUT TALKING ABOUT DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. I DON’T KNOW WHY.
I DON’T KNOW WHY. >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. >> AND GIVE A THRILL TO
>> AND GIVE A THRILL TO CHARTIVE.
CHARTIVE. WHEN SOMEONE LIKE ME 30 YEARS
WHEN SOMEONE LIKE ME 30 YEARS FROM NOW, MAYBE MY CHILDREN,
FROM NOW, MAYBE MY CHILDREN, SAY, HOLD ON, HOW IS THIS THING
SAY, HOLD ON, HOW IS THIS THING WORK?
WORK? THEY’LL SAY I EARNED THIS.
THEY’LL SAY I EARNED THIS. I EARNED THIS.
I EARNED THIS. THEY MAY NOT KNOW 30 YEARS AGO
THEY MAY NOT KNOW 30 YEARS AGO THEY GOT A 400 BOOST.
THEY GOT A 400 BOOST. >> THAT IS ONE OF THE REASONS
>> THAT IS ONE OF THE REASONS IT’S SO CRUCIAL FOR THESE
IT’S SO CRUCIAL FOR THESE PARENTS TO GET THEIR KIDS INTO
PARENTS TO GET THEIR KIDS INTO SCHOOLS.
SCHOOLS. IT’S NOT JUST A LEARNING
IT’S NOT JUST A LEARNING INSTITUTION.
INSTITUTION. IT’S A FAST TRACK FOR LIFE.
IT’S A FAST TRACK FOR LIFE. IF YOU GO TO ONE OF THOSE
IF YOU GO TO ONE OF THOSE SCHOOLS.
SCHOOLS. >> THE PARENTS ARE ALREADY RICH.
>> THE PARENTS ARE ALREADY RICH. >> THEY’RE RICH BUT THEY WANT
>> THEY’RE RICH BUT THEY WANT THEIR KIDS ABSOLUTELY, BECAUSE
THEIR KIDS ABSOLUTELY, BECAUSE THEY WANT TO MAKE SURE THEIR
THEY WANT TO MAKE SURE THEIR KIDS ARE GETTING THE SAME CAREER
KIDS ARE GETTING THE SAME CAREER OPPORTUNITIES, INVESTMENT BANKS,
OPPORTUNITIES, INVESTMENT BANKS, RECRUIT FROM FIVE OR SIX SCHOOLS
RECRUIT FROM FIVE OR SIX SCHOOLS TOPS.
TOPS. IF YOU ARE NOT IN ONE OF THOSE
IF YOU ARE NOT IN ONE OF THOSE SCHOOLS, YOU END UP IN A
SCHOOLS, YOU END UP IN A NON-TARGET PILE.
NON-TARGET PILE. I USED TO LOOK AT NON-FORECAST
I USED TO LOOK AT NON-FORECAST RECRUITING.
RECRUITING. IT LOOKS LIKE THIS, A GIANT PILE
IT LOOKS LIKE THIS, A GIANT PILE THAT GOES NOWHERE.
THAT GOES NOWHERE. IF YOU DON’T HAVE A CONNECTION,
IF YOU DON’T HAVE A CONNECTION, YOU ARE AT THE BOTTOM OF THAT
YOU ARE AT THE BOTTOM OF THAT PILE.
PILE. IF YOU GO TO ONE OF THOSE
IF YOU GO TO ONE OF THOSE SCHOOLS, YOU WILL BE RECRUITED
SCHOOLS, YOU WILL BE RECRUITED FOR THE MOST ELITE ZRICHLTS
FOR THE MOST ELITE ZRICHLTS THAT’S WHERE COMPANIES GO.
THAT’S WHERE COMPANIES GO. CAREER SERVICES IS MASSIVE.
CAREER SERVICES IS MASSIVE. IF YOU DON’T HAVE THAT AT YOUR
IF YOU DON’T HAVE THAT AT YOUR SCHOOL, ALUMNI GOING OUT OF
SCHOOL, ALUMNI GOING OUT OF THEIR WAY TO BUILD OR SUPPORT
THEIR WAY TO BUILD OR SUPPORT NEAR NETWORK AND HIRE THE NEXT
NEAR NETWORK AND HIRE THE NEXT GENERATION OF KIDS, THAT’S WHAT
GENERATION OF KIDS, THAT’S WHAT WILL HELP THOSE KIDS.
WILL HELP THOSE KIDS. YOU KNOW THAT FROM BEING ON THE
YOU KNOW THAT FROM BEING ON THE COLLEGE CAMPUS.
COLLEGE CAMPUS. >> I SEE THIS, FIRST AND
>> I SEE THIS, FIRST AND FOREMOST.
FOREMOST. ANYBODY THAT WORKS AT THE
ANYBODY THAT WORKS AT THE UNIVERSITY WILL TELL YOU, THIS
UNIVERSITY WILL TELL YOU, THIS DOESN’T SHOP THEM ENTIRELY.
DOESN’T SHOP THEM ENTIRELY. WE HAVE SEEN THIS BEFORE.
WE HAVE SEEN THIS BEFORE. WHAT MAKES THEM SO EGREGIOUS IS
WHAT MAKES THEM SO EGREGIOUS IS THEY HAVE ATTEMPTS TO RICK IT
THEY HAVE ATTEMPTS TO RICK IT LATER
LATER LATER.
LATER. MOST HAVE THEIR KIDS APPLY.
MOST HAVE THEIR KIDS APPLY. IF FACT THAT YOU ARE TRYING TO
IF FACT THAT YOU ARE TRYING TO BRIBE PEOPLE UP FRONT.
BRIBE PEOPLE UP FRONT. THE FACT THAT YOU ARE WILLING TO
THE FACT THAT YOU ARE WILLING TO BREAK SO MANY LAWS TO DO SO,
BREAK SO MANY LAWS TO DO SO, THAT’S WHERE THE ISSUE COMES IN.
THAT’S WHERE THE ISSUE COMES IN. >> HERE’S THE STUPIDITY.
>> HERE’S THE STUPIDITY. THEY COULD HAVE RIGGED IT AHEAD
THEY COULD HAVE RIGGED IT AHEAD OF TIME.
OF TIME. WHEN THEIR KOID IS IN 7th GRADE
WHEN THEIR KOID IS IN 7th GRADE THEY CAN MEET WITH THEM OFFICER.
THEY CAN MEET WITH THEM OFFICER. >> MAKE YOUR KID GOOD AT
>> MAKE YOUR KID GOOD AT FENCING.
FENCING. THESE PEOPLE AREN’T EVEN SMART.
THESE PEOPLE AREN’T EVEN SMART. >> THEY’RE LAZY.
>> THEY’RE LAZY. >> THEY DON’T HAVE TO BE.
>> THEY DON’T HAVE TO BE. THE OTHER THING ABOUT THIS, WE
THE OTHER THING ABOUT THIS, WE READ THE TRANSCRIPT.
READ THE TRANSCRIPT. I WAS SAYING THIS, WE WERE
I WAS SAYING THIS, WE WERE TALKING ABOUT THIS EARLIER.
TALKING ABOUT THIS EARLIER. THIS READS LIKE A LIFETIME
THIS READS LIKE A LIFETIME MOVIE, THIS LORI LOUGHLIN CAN
MOVIE, THIS LORI LOUGHLIN CAN WRITE HER OWN MOVIE.
WRITE HER OWN MOVIE. THIS ISN’T JUST ABOUT BEING
THIS ISN’T JUST ABOUT BEING RICH.
RICH. YOU GOT TO THE RIGHT KIND OF
YOU GOT TO THE RIGHT KIND OF PEOPLE WHO CAN LET YOU IN ON
PEOPLE WHO CAN LET YOU IN ON THESE KIND OF TRICKS.
THESE KIND OF TRICKS. THAT’S THE OTHER THING WE NEED
THAT’S THE OTHER THING WE NEED TO BREAK UP WHEN THESE PEOPLE
TO BREAK UP WHEN THESE PEOPLE ARE HOPEFULLY LEFT ACCOUNTABLE.
ARE HOPEFULLY LEFT ACCOUNTABLE. >> ACCESS TO OPPORTUNITY OR DO
>> ACCESS TO OPPORTUNITY OR DO THE RIGHT THING?
THE RIGHT THING? >> I HAVE TO SAY, AMERICA NEEDS
>> I HAVE TO SAY, AMERICA NEEDS TO WAKE UP.
TO WAKE UP. THIS IS NOT THE FIRST THING, OUR
THIS IS NOT THE FIRST THING, OUR MR. PRESIDENT ESSENTIALLY GOT
MR. PRESIDENT ESSENTIALLY GOT WHERE HE GOT DOING MANY SIMILAR
WHERE HE GOT DOING MANY SIMILAR THINGS WITH HIS TAXES AND
THINGS WITH HIS TAXES AND EDUCATION.
EDUCATION. EVERYBODY IN THE SILICON VALLEY.